docs: add docs for security group rules for environment's security group (#3876)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/environment.en.md

The Availability Zone name assigned to the subnet. The `az` field is optional, by default Availability Zones are assigned in alphabetical order.
This field is mutually exclusive with `id`.

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group" href="#network-vpc-security-group" class="field">`security_group`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> Configure security group rules to add to the environment's security group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules of the environment's security group.
```

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-ingress" href="#network-vpc-security-group-ingress" class="field">`ingress`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> Ingress rules to allow for the environment's security group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules controlling inbound traffic.
```

```yaml
network:
  vpc:
    security_group:
      ingress:
        - ip_protocol: tcp
          ports: 0-65535  
          cidr: 0.0.0.0/0
```

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-egress" href="#network-vpc-security-group-egress" class="field">`egress`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> Egress rules to allow for the environment's security group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules controlling outbound traffic.
```

```yaml
network:
  vpc:
    security_group:
      egress:
        - ip_protocol: tcp
          ports: 80
          cidr: 0.0.0.0/0

> ```

Reviewer 2: We probably need to include a section for each of the fields `ip_protocol`, `ports` and `cidr`. For example: https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/lb-web-service/#publish-topics-topic

The Availability Zone name assigned to the subnet. The `az` field is optional, by default Availability Zones are assigned in alphabetical order.
This field is mutually exclusive with `id`.

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group" href="#network-vpc-security-group" class="field">`security_group`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> Rules of the environment's security group.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Rules for the environment's security group.
```

> <span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-ingress" href="#network-vpc-security-group-ingress" class="field">`ingress`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-ingress" href="#network-vpc-security-group-ingress" class="field">`ingress`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  
```

Rules controlling inbound traffic.
```yaml
network:
  vpc:
    security_group:
      ingress:
        - ip_protocol: tcp
          ports: 0-65535  
          cidr: 0.0.0.0/0
```

> <span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-egress" href="#network-vpc-security-group-egress" class="field">`egress`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-egress" href="#network-vpc-security-group-egress" class="field">`egress`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  
```

Rules controlling outbound traffic.
```yaml
network:
  vpc:
    security_group:
      egress:
        - ip_protocol: tcp
          ports: 80

>           cidr: 0.0.0.0/0

Reviewer 3: small nit: let's flip the port ranges between egress and ingress. `ingress` to `80` and `egress` to `0-65535`. i think those are more realistic configurations

Author: Ohh you are right

```
<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-ingress" href="#network-vpc-security-group" class="field">`ingress`</a> <span class="type">Array of Security Group Rules</span>    
A list of inbound security group rules.

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security-group.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-egress" href="#network-vpc-security-group" class="field">`egress`</a> <span class="type">Array of Security Group Rules</span>    

> A list of outbound security group rules.

Reviewer 4: This seems to be duplicated / conflicting with the previous lines?

Author: Addressed

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.<type\>.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-ip-protocol" href="#network-vpc-security-group-ip-protocol" class="field">`ip_protocol`</a> <span class="type">String</span>    

> The IP protocol name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IP protocol name or number.
```
I *think* the protocol numbers also works: https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml

Author: Right they work as numbers too. I will add number too

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.<type\>.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-ports" href="#network-vpc-security-group-ports" class="field">`ports`</a> <span class="type">String or Integer</span>     

> You can specify FromPort and ToPort for an environment security group rule.

Reviewer 2: `FromPort` and `ToPort` are the CFN field name and my concern is that they seem to appear here out of context. What you do think of
```suggestion
The port range for the security group rule. 
```

Reviewer 3: maybe just say `The port range or number for the security group rule.`? and change the section  `Alternatively, you can specify it as an Integer if both FromPort and ToPort is same` to just `or`?

```yaml

> ports: n-m

Reviewer 3: maybe just do a concrete example? (same below)
```suggestion
ports: 0-1023
```

```

Alternatively, you can specify it as an Integer if both FromPort and ToPort is same

```yaml
ports: n
```

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.<type\>.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-cidr" href="#network-vpc-security-group-cidr" class="field">`cidr`</a> <span class="type">String</span>   

> a CIDR range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IPv4 address range, in CIDR format.
```
